Add guardrails for remote model (#6750)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/api/model-apis/register-model.md

Field | Data type | Description
:---  | :--- | :---
`input_guardrail`| Object |  The guardrail for the model input. |
`output_guardrail`| Object |  The guardrail for the model output. |
`stop_words`| Object | The list of indexes containing stopwords used for the model input/output validation. If the model prompt/response contains a stopword contained in any of the indexes, the predict request on this model is rejected. |
`index_name`| Object | The name of the index storing the stopwords. |
`source_fields`| Object | The name of the field storing the stopwords. |
`regex`| Object |  A regular expression used for input/output validation. If the model prompt/response matches the regular expression, the predict request on this model is rejected. |

#### Example request: Externally hosted model with guardrails

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/_register
{
  "name": "openAI-gpt-3.5-turbo",
  "function_name": "remote",
  "model_group_id": "1jriBYsBq7EKuKzZX131",
  "description": "test model",
  "connector_id": "a1eMb4kBJ1eYAeTMAljY",
  "guardrails": {

>     "input_guardrail": {

Reviewer: Our testing has shown that a "type" field is required here or it fails parsing.  @jngz-es @ylwu-amzn

Reviewer 2: Thank you, @dbwiddis! I have added the `type` parameter in this commit https://github.com/opensearch-project/documentation-website/pull/6750/commits/2b13532d4d1a957663fd8e3e4037d1fb254fc670

      "stop_words": [
        {
          "index_name": "stop_words_input",
          "source_fields": ["title"]
        }
      ],
      "regex": ["regex1", "regex2"]
    },
    "output_guardrail": {
      "stop_words": [
        {
          "index_name": "stop_words_output",
          "source_fields": ["title"]
        }
      ],
      "regex": ["regex1", "regex2"]
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> For an end-to-end example, see [Guardrails]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/guardrails/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a complete example, see [Guardrails]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/guardrails/).
```

#### Example response

> OpenSearch responds with the `task_id` and task `status`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
OpenSearch responds with the `task_id` and task `status`:
```
